Fix heading levels and add links (#12084)
containous/traefik: docs/content/reference/routing-configuration/http/load-balancing/service.md

description: "A service is in charge of connecting incoming requests to the Servers that can handle them. Read the technical documentation."
---

> Services use one of the load balancers listed on this page for load balancing.

Reviewer: WDYT about improving this with a more contextual introduction, such as:
```suggestion
Traefik services define how to distribute incoming traffic across your backend servers. Each service implements one of the load balancing strategies detailed on this page to ensure optimal traffic distribution and high availability. 
```
